JUN 8TH, 9:42PM

Hi
How was your meeting?
Thank you for spending the time with me this afternoon, and showing me your workspace,
Hello

Kizoomba is amazing I love it I'm going to get a years membership with tropical sol. , such a deep connection, I wish I was doing it with you tonight. We were doing a  choreography in level 4 that they will film next week
Where are you now
Travelling
Or home

Yes on train
Where are you?
Just got home
Meeting was good
I was asked to speak for 5 minutes

And how did it go
Are you ok
Its good
You sometimes seem to worry about me
Why? Do i give of that sort of energy

No I just care
It's hard to distinguish the tone on messinger
I'm all good and just understand that meetings are part of my spiritual blood stream
I am going to look forward to Tuesday and Wednesday meetings

That's great
It will be good for my emotional sobriety
And being picked up after your drumming will be good

Ok
Spending time with you like this evening is always great for me
Even just riding the bus with you
I hope you will be able to do regular level 1 and 2 kizoomba with me
I would love that to be our dance
How did you go with level 4

IKizoomba is amazing I love it I'm going to get a years membership with tropical sol. , such a deep connection, I wish I was doing it with you tonight. We were doing a  choreography in level 4 that they will film next week
Very cool

Not sure low profile
?

I'll  finish my drumming course and lick you up
Pick
Ha ha
A bit of both
My tummy has had a good work out tonight
You will lick me up
Hmmm

I don't want to be in a video for Kizoomba yet
I would like to do that for you

If I am I want to be with you
How come with video
Because not with me or other

Bachata is fine Kizoomba I'll do later when I get more in tune with it
Was thrown in the deep end
I'm sure you were

Just want to feel and connect with the style more the basic steps
We could practice together
Well I think the real pleasure in kizoomba is in the foundations

It would be great for that and tantra awsome sex
Not the moves

Yes and my kundalini chakra is on fire now
What we did the last 2 weeks with the movement exercises is really connected
I bet

Not to mention working my pelvic floor
I'll be big time I can feel it
There is that. But also dancing chest to chest and with connection at the head as well

I had my eyes closed tonight most of the time
Its a whole body love affair with your partner and i want that to be our dance

The guys love feeling the muscles in my back when I move
I want that physical,  emotional and spiritual connection as we move to the music
Just let me know whenever you want to practice

Yes I want that slow
Movement with you
Strengthening controlling
With my body
And connecting with you so powerful
It's nice how spending just 10 minutes on chat with you leaves me warm, glowing and tingling

I will move and feel sensual graceful
Yes
I also think that mixing kizoomba in with slow batchata would be devine

Can't wait David , but I will
Its all part of journey
We will grow into this dance together

Let's read through the notes you printed out about relationships
We could do that on Sunday or maybe when I come back late Friday night from monavale

I need to keep my head and body wanting you in sink,
How late Fridat?
About 1030
But I will message you and if you are tired
We will leave it

Kizoomba seems to have a much more powerful effect on my body after
Ok play by ear
Are you on bus yet

Im getting getting off the bus now have walk so I'll say goodnight
Xo
xo
Love you sweetheart,  i am going sleep now.  Will connect in morning

Xo
JUN 9TH, 4:42AM

Morning David I love your work structure that you shared with me last night, I felt so blissed out last night after Kizoomba, slept deep and woke up at 3 with some monkey chatter that was soon calmed and sorted with meditation now I have time to get a couple of hrs of my work done before taking care of others, have a great morning and look forward to more Kizoomba medicine tonight xo
JUN 9TH, 5:47AM
xo
Good morning
Just about to do my prayers and get ready for the day

Good morning, hey can I chat later working now befor Seb gets up
Yes

Cool
Talk after 9
xo

After 10

Xo

Nice imagery
Thank you
That's for everyone
Do you think
Don't mean to interrupt your morning.
It is

Yes you got me side tracked
Go back to work

All good I'll take a break and get dressed
Ok

I am happy that you responded to the picture I sent, but I know when you are busy and I send those things so that you can have a smile in the middle of your hectic morning, not to pull you away from task.

When I send a little joke to you (no matter how childish), it is also just to give you a smile in the midst of busynes
--------------------------------------------------------

In response to "that's for everyone" I say yes and no. Inside every one is a perfect being of love, strength and light. There is a King or a Queen inside each of us.

But for the majority of people it is suppressed by cloud and fog. 

I know for myself, the internal journey requires consistent investigation and effort.

I live in the 1st world, I'm time poor and bombarded by distractions and most people around me are just treading water in the struggle. 

When I peer into the internal mirror of my soul it is caked with dust, grit and scum.

On a daily basis I need to make an effort to clean, to polish the mirror, the main tools for me is prayer, gratitude and service, but it is different for everyone, for others it maybe meditation or surfing or playing with a pet or child.
No the King and Queen is not for everyone, it is only for those who take action and quest for it.
JUN 9TH, 8:36AM

I have served a lot of kings and queens in my hospitality life and I'm very familiar to the good and bad that goes with this position, I have seen how some that were graceful and honourable  with the position and I have seen some that had failed miserably. It a horrible sight when you see someone fall from greatness. Like in a game of chess the King and or queen are always a point of target.
I hear you

But as for small buisness you can. Disguise yourself as a pawn by not being such a show of with material goods when really you are a queen  or king
Your not a target but part of a community
Or a number of communities better
More contemporary than the stuffy old monarchy
I'm for knowing I'm a king at heart, whilst living in humility both inside and in how I represent myself to the community.

Unlike the game of chess though, I think the King and the Queen support each other and present a united front
The idea of partnership (I'll use the word marriage, but I understand that term is a little antiquitated)

My wife depends on me and I depend on her, we support each other. That's how marriage is supposed to work.

Not sure
its another point of discussion for us then

another opportunity for couch surfing really

Doing homwork with Seb gotta go

JUN 9TH, 1:23PM
Article on website looks great

Looks crap on Facebook
How's your day going David
yeah
good

Ha ha
the trick is to have right image size

Fuck it
Tried that
Didn't make a difference
What image size?
Could also be, because of dimenssions
you went square and so it is cut off top and bottom
This may help

Should I do a landscape
http://www.jonloomer.com/2015/05/11/facebook-image-dimensions-2015/
Master Guide: All Facebook Image Dimensions and Ad Specs [2015]
All Facebook image dimensions, post and ad specs and text character limits in one place. Reference this infographic or download the PDF for later!
jonloomer.com
less about the size, more about the aspect ratio

Ok thanks for that I'll give it a go
I gotta keep working now, got a meeting soon


Xo
chat later beautifull
xo
JUN 9TH, 5:39PM

I'm heading into town in the next 20 minutes
ok
by bus?
shall I meet you at the bus stop

Hey just left the house I'll be 10min
let me know as you comming into york and I will head over to the bus stop with the m40


Heading in to York now
At bus stop
JUN 9TH, 11:38PM
Are you home

Thank you for an amazing night, vivid, dancing Bachata in Hyde Park, Getting dizzy in Kizommba and floating home, love the the mixed metal look of the necklace you gave me, see you for sushi tomorrow . I love you. And love spending time with you. Ox 
Now a little tapping, sweet dreams


I float on cloud 9 both during and after time with you
Good night beautiful
xo
JUN 10TH, 7:33AM
Good morning Julia,  just parked in Wycombe Road  on way to work. 

Woke up with you on the edge of my dreams this morning. 

Grateful for spending last night with you. It is nice sitting on park benches drinking tea and chatting and kissing. 

Have a good day 

xo

Good morning David, pleas give me 45 min notice befor heading over as I'm painting and will need time to, clean brushes ect there is a a really good sushi place on Wycombe opposite essence coffee for take away
No worries, xo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiF_pmLCtQM

Jumpy dog art !
Jumpy painting a lanscape ..
youtube.com


Hi David whats the link for Thursday salsa in the park?
its a video of a dog painting renaisence pictures
maybe useful as just fun content on the artbox feed
sorry, misinterpreted question

I like your profile pick on Facebook, not really into animals trained, to do something a bit gimmicky
(?)


https://www.facebook.com/SocialRuedaSydney/?pnref=story
Social Rueda Sydney
We are a social rueda group who dance regularly in Sydney to practice steps we know and have learnt.
and
https://www.facebook.com/SlaveToDance.ComSydney/?pnref=story
SlaveToDance.Com Sydney
FREE dance & social events in Sydney, for dancers of all levels. We mainly dance Salsa, Rueda de casino, and Bachata. Live. Dance. Love.

Thank you I love the vibrancy of Last night, I look forward to experiencing more new things with you, join me as a life tourist, tree honouring ceremony like any ceremony is always a beautiful, the energy of a group connecting celebrating is always powerful in any context.
Have a great day at work I'm gonna start paintingxo
Life Tourist, that's a great term, its like having a relationship based on experience instead of obligation
Enjoy your painting
xo

JUN 10TH, 11:17AM
Is around 12 or 12:10 ok for you ?

Just of bus
Going to go to my dentist

He is across the road from the church
At end of your street

How lon
Long
I just picking something up

5 minutes

I'll be up
At dentist

Where are you?
40
Yeo

Yes
Outside
JUN 10TH, 6:54PM

Thank you for lunch, such a lovely spot, to meet we will order on phone next time so we're not hanging around on food or I'll make something, depending on how busy. I hope you have a great dance tonightxo
Thanks , just arrived and start in 5 minutes.  Finishes at 9 then i will be driving back.  If you are free i will be near you at about 940
xo

Ok message me after xo
JUN 10TH, 9:30PM
Leaving now

I hope you had a great night would love to hear about it, Feeling kind of crapy, find it really draining being around Peter tonight, don't think I'll be good company tonight
How about 10 minutes of couch
I will cheer you up

What coach
You can recline on me in your car

My cars parked just outside the back to close to be descreat
Look at moon
M6 car then

Not a good night for me
I won't push you to do anything
But if you need a  calm steady listener. I am at your call
Im 1o minutes away

I don't know how to put how I'm feeling into words yet, just want be be by myself tonight
Ok
My love goes out to you tonight
I sent my love to you during the 5rythyms dance
Ad i will send more tonight
I will let you know when I get home
Im sure you will find your answers in your own time time tonight
I love you and I am grateful for today with you
xo

I'm sorry David
I had such s great day
You do energise me
Nothing to be sorry about
You need your space
And i am happy to give it to you

Tonight was hard
I just need to reflect a bit
On my own
JUN 11TH, 4:01AM
Goid Morning Julia,  

I just wanted to make sure you awoke to a positive frequency.

This is a piem for you. 

I call it "5 Rythyms"
Tonight I danced the elements five
And there I danced my angel alive

As i moved my feat while the  music pumped
From the earth I felt her heartbeat thump

A wind arose, blowing skirt of lace
And there she stood, what beauty, what grace?

From my loins arose a fire that flared
To entwine this girl, to feel us paired.

She offered a cup of water sublime,
She kissed my lips, this goddess devine.

Said the radiant spirit, let our hearts merge together. 
I looked in her eyes, said I'll love you forever.
JUN 11TH, 8:07AM

Thank you David you are so good to me, I love you. This is a testing time and and thank god if it was not for my meditation and yoga a  Julia bomb would have landed on this household. I am taking on your gratitude way of thinking whilst I navigate my emotions , taking a breath and observing calmly is essential. It will be intrasting as my more interactions with Peter today I am shifting from my old ways of reacting, which I'm grateful for , good morning. David I hope you have a wonderful day  xo
Thank you
xo

And my healing card today also helped to guide me
Powerful message
Im glad yo stuck to that principal last night
I was partly in fix it mode when I asked to see you last night
It seems good that decided to sit with your feelings
Personally it was good for me as well
I dropped in to maisies
And wrote that poem and that is good for my spirit
I Love you Julia and proud to be on this journey with you
xo

Xo
Me right now
JUN 11TH, 1:06PM

Bree Rain Lunafae added 3 new photos.
Need a preventative boost for Winter's cold/flu season? Have you been having too many celebratory drinks over summer and want to help out your Friendly Liver? Is your menstrual cycle irregular/very painful? Does your Tummy rumble and grumble at you, is it giving you Grief? Are you feeling stressed from end of Semester Assessments? Or just Life? Do you get recurring UTI's? Would you like supportive dietary suggestions? Do you feel tired, run down or teary/emotional? These things and MORE are able to be helped by Naturopathy. Come and see me at Nature Care College Wellness Centre for an 1.5 hour consultation priced at just $20. Help me out meeting my Clinical experience requirements and help your health out too. We are open Fridays from 9-5 and also Saturdays from 9-1pm. (I'm not in on Saturdays). Call 8423 8444 to book an appointment today. Mention my name on the phone to make sure you get to see me. Level 2, 178 Pacific Highway, St Leonards (Greenwich)
Bree Rain Lunafae
Hi David I was thinking of you Bree is really amazing and this is really cheap for a consultation for naturopathy, lungs and whatever else you need to ask about,
Cute photo ??

Hi David are we going away together next weekend?

I think you have been sent the invitation for the world bridges event. We can talk later about this

https://www.facebook.com/events/1732823630262743/
Kundalini full moon? This Friday night would you like to join me?
Yes to weekend
Yes to kundalini
Just been with psychologist talking about boundaries and the differences between yours and mine
Love to discuss with you sime time
Just read Bree Post, I'm happy to come along, I noticed that she mentioned seeing 3 friends in one day, is that something you are organizing? or should I just call here direct?
Also, what time do we finish tomorrow night, do you want me to organize something to do sunday night after tree cuddling ceremony

Hi David 7.30pm I think the tree hugging, ends I would love to join you for something after just let me know what to bring. Xo
how is your day Julia

Great now with Sebastian and just had a cycle around now I'm going to lift Seb
Gotta go
cool, have fun then xo
JUN 11TH, 5:47PM

Hi David I feel wonderful I lifted Seb and And Yaz lifted me and gave me a wonderful spinal stretch hanging upside down, much need as this morning when I couldn't sleep at 3.30am I did a two hr seasson trying to physically calm my mind.
Boundary,s I would love to hear what your phycologist has to say. 
Do I need to bring shoes tomorrow?

In regards to Bree no I didn't organise any groups as personal commitments for everyone is varied, so I guess just contact her and work out a time, I think she was stating that she sees only three clients a day.
There is no dancing tomorrow
But it never hurts to have shoes with you
I was thinking of Govindas for dinner
Followed by 845 movie
What do you think

Sounds great what's the movie?
Whisky tango foxtrot
Does that work for you

Yes an adults film would be good to see for a change,
Haha
I bet

Things just went bad here
Peter

To many opinions
If you need a hug or a chat just let me know. I am more than happy to drive over any time or take your call

Thank you David, I'm ok just need to talk with mum
She's gone out tonight
Peter helped her by spending two nights fixing her computer and she was hugging and kissing him
Ifs just challenging for me to see that, I'm I being unreasonable
Or should I think that's there relationship
And I shouldn't react to it
I don't know
How about you and I chat about it when we see each other or on phone later
I can give you an objective point of view

Yeah I just feel guilty sharing how I feel to her
Then don't
Not now.  Especially if you are charged emotionally

Hey I'll work it out
Im sure you will
But do you want to talk about it on phone
Ill call if you do
Always goid to have 2nd opinion

Ok in 30 min just have to put Sebastian to bed
Ok
Just message me
xo

Ok Ox

Hi can I call you?
2 minutes
I will call

JUN 11TH, 8:31PM

Is Barry your dad?
Yes
Why

Ok he sent a friend request, what happened to him, did he have an accede to?
Accident
Yes
Im surprised he sent a friend request
He had 2 accidents in quick succession over last few months
Both tines came of his bike
And bad damage both times

Bicycle
Yeah

What's your relationship like with him
Its ok
He is a good dad
I just find him hard to talk to

Ok
He wants to just check me out?
Ha ha or what
I don't know,  I've spoken to him about your art
He likes to draw
He is quite creative really

Ok
No worries
Good night Julia
xo

Off to bed
Yeah

Ok sleep well
Good night xo
xo
JUN 12TH, 8:23AM
Good morning Julia, 

Its a beautiful day outside 

xo






JUN 12th, 8:23